In this module, we were introduced to Systems Manager OpsCenter,
which, as the name suggests,
is a great place for operations teams as it provides a
single pane of glass into our environments.
Anything happens, and a CloudWatch event rule gets triggered that creates an
OpsItem that an administrator can respond to. By providing deep insights into
the state of the environment when an event happened,
the Mean Time To Resolution is reduced. Administrators are able to
see everything that was going on in one place.
You can even go back to automatically finding similar
events and learn how they were resolved,
including leveraging Systems Manager Automation
runbooks to resolve issues automatically.
Congratulations! This is also the final module of this
course, AWS Systems Manager: Getting Started.
So let's take a quick look at what we at Globomantics covered. As a
reminder, Globomantics set out to learn about the Systems Manager suite
and how a fully managed service like this can help us operate our cloud
environment but also our on‑premises suite. We demonstrated that Systems
Manager's total cost of ownership is fairly low compared to other
third‑party solutions.
It doesn't require us to deploy any infrastructure to achieve any
of these outcomes we covered in this course,
which where run command and automation to centrally
manage tasks like software installation,
service restarts, or creation of new EC2 Amazon machine images, patch management
to keep our service up to date, Parameter Store to secure secrets and manage
parameters for runbook executions, like run command or automation, Session
Manager to securely remote into our Systems Manager managed instances in the
cloud or on‑premises, and, lastly, in this module, OpsCenter as the single pane
of glass for our operations team. I thank you for tuning in and learning about
AWS Systems Manager with me and wish you a lot of fun exploring this service further.